Subtitles by demonseye
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
- Thanks for comin'. Nice to see you.
- Why are we slouchin'?
I don't have
that much time. Look.
The gates are gonna be open
between 11:00 and midnight. All right?
I got my guy on the gate. You go
right through, no fuss, no muss.
- What are you worryin' for?
- I'm not worried. Ah, let me worry!
All right, all right, all right.
Where's the stuff, huh?
Whoa, that's a lot of toxic waste
you got, pal. You got a problem, baby.
No, you got !
Just get it to Jersey and dump it!
Dumpin' it's a federal rap.
I'm takin' all the chances.
That's why we pay you!
All right, come on, come on.
Where's the money? Yo, the money.
Come on, come on,
come on, come on!
What is this, the tip?
This the tip?
You deal with the E.P.A.
See what it costs you!
Well, make sure
you're there by 11:00.
What are you guys, crazy?
Wanna blow up the goddamn joint?
You drive carefully.
I don't want you to hit anybody.
Oh, here we go,
into the tunnel of love.
All right, get over, get over.
Who's got the cards?
We collected 32,563 tolls
between the first and second rock.
Grace!
Grace, are you in there?
Come back. Grace!
I found this
under my bed.
You think you could be
a little less discreet?
I found this
under my bed.
I'll see you after work.
Listen, when I return this,
I have somethin' to tell you.
Tell me now.
If it is good news,
why not get it now and
have a completely good day?
As opposed to one filled
with apprehension and tension,
which can lead to other related
physical disorders and high anxiety.
No, I will tell you later,
Island Girl.
- Tell me now.
- No. I'll tell you tonight.
- Hey, Frankie, how's your load?
- Mostly in my shorts.
I need a pit stop, bad.
Just hold it.
We're behind schedule, man.
Need some help
with that bag?
Maybe you need some
other kind of help, sweet lady.
Stuck-up bitch !
"Dear Mr. Thompson."
Thanks a lot.
"Thank you
for your submission.
Regretfully,
at this time, we..."
... are laughing our asses off that
you even wasted the stamps...
by sending us your play.
Hi, it's Maddy.
I'm out. The machine is in.
Maddy, hi. It's Kimberly.
I have this really
important audition,
and I told Claudio
you'd take my life shift today.
I did it for you
when you went to Bermuda. Bye!
Gotcha!
Hi, it's Maddy.
I'm out. The machine is in.
Maddy, it's David.
I feel really bad
about the way things ended up
and I... I want you to give me
three more months, and I...
I promise I'll...
I-I promise I'll tell her. I promise.
Honey,
you got to cut the cake!
- I'll be right in. I'll be right in.
- Oh!
It's George's birthday, and, uh,
we... we're having a party,
and-and-and
call me on Monday.
I-I-I love you.
Go!
Traffic report says the bridge
is backed up to Westchester.
Forget the bridge.
Take one of the tunnels.
The "Territory Beyond."
It's still out there.
- The "Territory Beyond."
- It's still out there.
The "Territory Beyond."
It's still out there.
It's exhausting being me.
Now the question is
what do we do with it?
Sales are down
an average of 12%.
Broadening our marketing target
from inner-city youth
to the more affluent
off-road vehicle group...
I know that.
Give me something
I don't know.
We're gonna have to stack some
pretty heavy GRP's with this commercial,
no matter where we run it.
- Now, the test results are maxing out...
- Speak English, Elliot.
We wanna put it
on the Super Bowl, first quarter.
Super Bowl.
- That's a whole pile of money.
- It's time to gamble, Roy.
It's not like
we have any choice.
Okay. We'll buy 60 in the first quarter
and we'll do a cut-down 30 in the second.
You wanna gamble ?
Let's gamble.
Jonno, let's go.
- How we doin' on time ?
- Traffic's a mess.
But if we take the tunnel,
we'll just make it.
Let's take the tunnel.
Come on, Cooper. Okay.
That's a boy. It's all over.
We're gonna have
a nice day in the city.
Good boy.
You know, whatever good that specialist
does is undone by the long drive in.
He hates riding in the car.
Puts him off for days.
We're not taking him back
to that quack in Colts Neck.
Look, Eleanor,
he's perfectly capable.
We don't even know
what's wrong with the dog.
Who knows him best?
Me or a complete stranger?
Let's go this way.
All right.
- You know what I'd like to do?
- What?
I'd like to go
to Rumpelmayer's.
- Cooper loves their cherry-vanilla.
- I think that's a brilliant idea.
- So, what'd they get you for, man?
- They got me for stealin'.
What you up here? For
cheating on your expense account?
No, I, uh, I sell cellular phones
with cloned numbers.
So, how much you get
from the register?
- I don't know. Hundred, two hundred.
- Yeah? You use a gun?
No, I used my looks. Of course
I used a gun! What you think?
Listen, I sell five to ten phones
a week for 500 dollars apiece.
I don't use a gun.
Can you multiply?
I ain't stupid, man.
I know my math. I...
If you so smart,
why you up in here?
I guess I shouldn't have bought
that BMW for cash, huh?
That's ridiculous!
He's the top man in his field.
I wouldn't dismiss him that lightly.
Okay, dr. O'Corr, it says here
you got a 5:30 flight out of Newark,
but you wanna stop off
at St. Vincent's first, is that right?
- That's right.
- And actually Lewis has been working...
Well, that's gonna be tight.
Yeah, well, there's a 50-dollar tip
in it for you if you make it, okay?
Then again, miracles do happen.
Right, doc?
This sucks. I wanna go back
and skate at Rockefeller Center.
Hey, how about somebody else
does something they enjoy?
You wanna visit old school friends,
leave me out of it.
A family vacation is about
staying with the family.
Let's not talk about
staying anywhere, okay?
- Hey, asshole!
- Hey!
Wha-what do you want? What?
What do you want?
Hold still!
- No, not that, please !
- Shut up !
We got it!
Come on. Let's go!
Come on! Come on!
Good afternoon.
Thirty-six channels and nothing's on.
Norman, one of these days you're
gonna surprise me with a new line.
Hey! What?!
"Stop now! You're being
tracked by Electroguard."
What the hell is
Electroguard?
The guy's a goddamn genius.
Right into the tunnel.
I'll call Jersey.
"This tunnel was drawn up
by Edward Trammel in 1918
on a napkin
in a Manhattan tavern.
Work on the tunnel
began in 1921,
employing thousands of Irish immigrants
nicknamed 'sandhogs'.
The tunnel, which runs under 24 feet
of riverbed and 72 feet of water..."
Hey, dad? How many vacations
did you take Linda on?
Ashley, that's enough!
Honey, listen.
Linda's history.
We're a family again.
That's all that counts.
Christ!
What the hell is that?
Oh, we got a live one here.
Get a crew ready.
All Jersey units,
requesting north tube roadblock.
Black Cadillac now passing
through station number...
Oh, I want you, putz!
What'd we get? Come on.
What'd we get? In there!
That's a big one!
Move it, jerk!
- Oh!
- You stupid bitch! You stu... Pick 'em up!
- Oh, look what you did!
- Shit!
Now it's your fault!
Heidi, it's helicopter skiing.
Think of it as a... cordless chair lift.
Breaker, breaker!
We got a smoker! We got a smoker!
Up yours, buddy!
Pass him, man!
- Pass!
- Take 'em!
- Get off my leg!
- I can't!
No!
Jesus Christ!
Here I am in the tunnel.
You're doctors!
Come on!
Get down! Get down!
Somebody get him down!
Get him on the ground!
Down!
Roll! Roll!
Roll!
Get over here!
I got 'im! I got 'im!
- We're gonna need some C-collars!
- Shit!
Let me see that arm.
Fine, look, you're gonna be okay.
Keep going. There's emergency
workers that way. Keep moving.
Keep going!
My father,
he's trapped in the car!
I can't get him out!
There's blood everywhere!
Can you help him out?
Help!
We're comin' for you. We'll get you.
Don't worry about it. We're gonna get you.
Look at me. Look at me.
I'm gonna try to move you
on the count of three all right?
I want you
to help me out. Ready?
Okay. One, two...
- Fine. What's your name ?
- Susan.
- It'll be okay.
- He's severed an artery.
I'm gonna tie this off, and I want you
to hold it as tight as you can.
- You got that?
- Yeah.
- All right, how is he?
- He's dead.
I got a second-degree burn
over there. Get to it, okay?
You, listen. I got an arterial bleeder
that needs an I.V. Move it, move it.
- What are you still doin' here?
- I thought you were a cab driver.
I am a driver.
Come on. Move, move!
- Give me a B.P. cuff.
- Sure, I got it!
Latura.
Jesus Christ.
Latura!
Weller, right?
Get the hell outta here
before somebody sees you!
What was it, a bomb?
Accident, something about
a toxic dump. But nothing's confirmed.
All right. What's the status
on the Jersey side?
Oh, man,
it's sealed up tight.
It's a wipeout clear up
to the tollbooths.
Where the hell's the chief?
Standin' right in front of me,
as far as I'm concerned.
I'm talkin' about
the new chief. Where's he?
The dispatcher said
Mr. California's headed
for the mid-river passage
in the south tunnel.
- Mid-river?
- Yeah.
Hey, Latura,
watch your back.
George!
George, come in, please!
Are you there?
This is Grace. George!
Oh, God, please be there,
please be there, please...
George, come in.
George, are you there?
George!
Can anybody
hear me out there? Come back.
We got a toxic fire. It's burning
toward the New Jersey side.
Can anybody hear me?
The ventilation system... doesn't seem
to be pulling the smoke through.
Is anybody out there?
Come back!
The New Jersey side
has completely collapsed!
Oh, God, Jesus!
Oh, God, we got
fatalities down here!
Can anybody hear me?!
Hey, you can't go
in there!
No, no, no, no, no!
We're working the mid-river!
We got some wormholes here.
We'll find a way through.
- It will work in the mid-river!
- Thompson needs you!
- What?
- Thompson!
- Stand by. I'll be with you in a second.
- Okay.
What's the ratio? Yeah.
Frank, you got any hope
on the New Jersey side?
Fifty-yard cave-in,
minimum.
Whatever's burning in there
is toxic as Trenton. They got samples.
Demo! Demo!
Come on, people, speak to me!
Give me
another reading, Bob.
I would if I had time,
but we're running out of it.
Let's go!
If you wanna buy some time,
you gotta blow the tunnel shut.
- What are you doin' here, Kit?
- You're not part of this.
I know that, I know that,
but just listen to me.
We ran a terrorist hypothetical
in '94.
The only way to fix the fire there
is to blow the roof in
and seal all of the survivors
from the fumes.
Well, where I come from,
we don't blow up a tunnel
that's already been blown up,
but thanks for your input.
- Chief wants to go through mid-river, Kit.
- No, no, wait, wait a minute.
Frank, you don't have to
rationalize my actions to this guy!
Look. I know you know your job,
but we did a simulation.
You'll all be dead
before you get through. Dead.
Look. I know you ran
a drill in '94, but right now
you're not running
a goddamn thing.
Copy that.
You're right. I know that.
I... I just wanna help.
Help? You don't get it,
do you?
You don't work here anymore.
You understand that?
- All right.
- Wilson, if I could just talk...
Come on. Come on, Kit.
He's gonna have you arrested!
Look. You gotta blow
the tunnel shut. Talk to 'im.
You owe me that, Frank.
Talk to 'im.
Your attention, please.
We've decided to evacuate
the south tube.
Please collect your valuables,
lock your cars...
and proceed in an orderly fashion
back to New Jersey.
What do you got?
Sorry, chief.
It's blocked about 20 feet in.
That structure's so shaky,
I wouldn't even risk a firecracker.
What about hydraulics?
We brace up as we go.
It can't be done!
Listen. The person who says
it can't be done
is always interrupted
by the one who just did it!
Feed him the line!
Wilson!
Jesus Christ!
Watch it, watch it.
Watch the metal. It's hot.
What are you doing ?
Ashley, no, this way.
No, no, no, Ashley. Ashley,
you don't have to take pictures now.
- Ashley, look at me. Look, honey.
- It's okay.
I won't let you down.
We're gonna get out of here.
- Hey! Hey!
- What's happened?
I don't know.
You're alive. You're still alive.
I'm gonna go on up
through the tunnel.
Stay right here
with your family
so I'll know where you are
when I come back for you.
- How do we get out of here?
- I don't know, it's sealed at both ends.
Jonno?
Jonno!
Oh, shit!
- Hey, officer, over here.
- Hey!
You raise anybody
on that walkie?
No, nothin' but static.
But you got a phone!
Nah, nah. 2,000 dollars.
It doesn't even work in here.
"Territory Beyond."
- Man, I know you.
- Roy Nord.
- Roy Nord...
- How you doin'?
George Tyrell.
I got a pair of your shoes.
- Good, good. You like 'em?
- Yeah, man, they're great!
I wear 'em on Saturdays
on my day off.
Bet you wish
it was Saturday now, huh?
- Yeah.
- Liste, what are we gonna do?
Is there a way
out of this mess or what?
There was a passage to the south tunnel
about a half mile back.
You check it out?
Course I checked it out!
It's all... it's all collapsed.
Well, think I'll take a look.
What do you mean
you're gonna take a look?
I just told you it was collapsed, man.
You'd be wasting your time.
It's all blocked in.
There's no way out!
George, I was born
six weeks premature.
My own mother
couldn't keep me in.
Eleanor.
Oh, my God!
Are you people okay?
Yes, we're fine. We're fine.
Thank you for asking.
- How do you get out of here ?
- I'm still tryin' to get information.
Cooper.
Cooper... Who's Cooper?
What's he look like?
There he is !
He's all right.
No, no, no, darling. No, no, no, no.
Come on. I'll... I'll get him.
Lady, get to the front of the bus!
The key is in the ignition.
Okay.
Hey, break this down. Come on!
You gotta break it!
Hey, hurry up!
Hurry up!
Come on, come on!
- Help!
- Oh, my God! Oh, my God!
- Get the key over here !
- I'm gonna try to find you some help.
Help? You are help!
You are our help!
N-no, n-no,
I'm just me.
- The key's in the ignition!
- Lady, lady, please, the keys!
The keys are
in the ignition!
Hurry up! Come on!
Hurry up, hurry up.
- That one right here! Right here!
- Go, go, go, go!
Did it! Hurry up!
All right, man!
- You okay? You all right?
- My hero!
Thanks, lady.
What about him?
That boy havin' a crack attack.
You might as well leave him alone.
Come on, help me.
Yo, help yourself, lady!
Look, I'm tellin'...
No, I'm telling you!
We are not leaving him here!
Okay, uh, uh,
what's your name?
Mikey.
I'm like... I'm like...
Like scared, okay?
Yeah, I know, I know,
Mikey, I'm scared too,
but-but-but I'd feel so much better
if you were out here with me.
No, no, no, no, no!
Okay, okay.
Okay, uh...
Hey, Mikey.
Okay, uh,
uh, hey, Mikey,
you think we're pretty?
Yeah. So?
So, wouldn't you rather be
out there with a couple of pretty girls
than in here
trapped by yourself?
Oh, God!
Oh, shit!
Hey, yo, Mikey!
We are all scared!
Now get your crack-sucking
skinny ass out that window!
- Now!
- Okay! Okay!
Okay. Okay.
You gotta get noisy
with these kids!
Hey, girl! Hey, girl,
you listen to me!
Jump now! Jump!
Come on. Get up!
Let's get you outta here.
That's gas under the bus! Gas!
Hey, lady, get the hell outta there!
You take care of her.
I don't want any trouble outta you two.
No trouble, man.
Baby, are you in there?
Uh, I need you to cut the power.
How do I say "cut the power"?
Cut the power.
Lightning, what do you do?
What do you do?
You get under a tree.
No, shit!
You, uh...
you get back in the car.
Right? Cause, cause,
cause tires are... rubber.
What? The what?
What are you doing?
No, wait, wait, wait!
What are you...
what are you doing? Wait. No!
- What are you doing?
- This. It should hold on.
No! Wait a minute!
Oh, my God!
Cut the power. Cut the power!
Cut... the power.
Anybody watching
these monitors?
Oh, my God! Norman!
Norman, it's George!
He's alive!
Cut the power, baby!
Down here! Move!
Down here! Yes!
- Mikey, go!
- Something must be done!
- No, you're not doing it.
- Live! Live!
Cut the power. Come on,
baby, cut the power!
Cut the power.
You gotta cut the power.
I can't. That would shut down
the exhaust fans.
- Those fans are on a separate system.
- Hey, who the hell are you?
- Please, go!
- Wait, lady! Wait!
Mikey, go!
Just go, Mikey!
Oh, don't splash!
Don't splash! Don't splash!
If you don't cut the power right now,
that woman's dead.
- Go!
- Jump!
Cut the goddamn power!
Jump!
Cut the god...
- Yes! Yes!
- You did it.
Now, who the hell
are you?
We met a couple o' years ago. I did
a terrorist hypothetical here in '94.
Oh, yeah, La-La-Latura. Yeah, yeah, yeah.
You were canned in '95.
I mean, you're back with the
Emergency Medical Service?
No, not exactly.
How's the monoxide level?
Hey, wait a second! You've got
no authority to come in here!
No, I don't,
but when we did the hypothetical
I crawled through
every hidden part of that structure.
Right now I might be of some use,
so... how's the air?
I-it's changing at a rate
of about a million cubic feet an hour.
That's one-twentieth normal,
and it's getting worse!
Oh, great, it's here.
Look at this thing.
When they glued this together,
they were still fighting World War I.
Okay, anyway,
here's the north tube,
south tube,
river, the riverbed,
here's the tunnel:
a rectangle
set inside each tube. Hm?
Now, what's this?
I don't recognize this.
Oh, hey, yeah, yeah,
that's...
The sandhogs worked 36-hour shifts
building this thing
and they had bunk rooms there,
they had chapels, kitchens
and everything down there.
But... it was all sealed off
in the renovation of '72.
Hmm. Hey, Frank!
Did Wilson give an estimate
when he'd get to the mid-river passage?
Nothin' that he can share, Kit.
We had another collapse 20 minutes ago.
Mr. California got pancaked.
So, what are we lookin' at?
We don't know
the stress points in the mid-river.
We can't risk any explosives.
- It's all gotta be done by hand.
- That's gonna take forever.
If another shaft don't give,
10, 12 hours, minimum.
- How long's the air gonna hold?
- Three hours, max.
Three hours, max... All right, Frank,
here's what I think we oughta do.
I think we gotta cork it up and
seal off the survivors from the fumes
until you can dig out the mid-river
passage. What do you think?
Frank, are you
the acting chief or what?
- Yeah, Kit, I'm the acting chief.
- So why don't you act?
What are you tryin'...?
What do you... what do you do?
What are you doin', Frank?
What do you wanna do?
Nothing, so you'll be held blameless
in case you have to testify later on?
Is that it?
Don't pull that on me, Kit, okay?
That's past history.
This got nothin' to do
with this situation.
Now, you're wrong about that.
I had to take a chance. Now you do.
I was in the same situation as you.
Now, what are you gonna do, Frank?
There's nothin' to think about it.
It's three hours.
You wanna go in, Kit?
Give me clearance.
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa.
That tunnel is sealed from both ends.
I mean, the mid-river here
is like hanging, like-like-like pick-up sticks.
Now, what the hell's
the way in, huh?
Here.
Uh, this is Engine Seven,
ETA about five minutes.
There are four of those.
We can shut them down
for two-and-a-half minutes.
Each?
Total. They're revved
all the way up
to compensate for
the damaged exhaust shaft.
When we shut them down,
it'll severely cut their oxygen.
When the level gets too low,
the computer automatically
kicks the fans back on.
There's no override and
there's no second shutdown!
- That's a safety feature.
- Anything else I should know?
There are more problems.
You don't come out above the
roadway, you come out under it.
Norman, what's the combined force
of all the fans?
- About 160 miles an hour.
- Great.
- Frank, where's the demo team?
- On the way!
All right, listen up, please.
I wanna go over
a couple of things.
- You got tape in that camera?
- Yeah.
Get over there,
start shooting.
World's gonna wanna
know how we did this.
- New York City: the Territory Beyond!
- It's still out there!
Exactly.
Are you sayin'
you've found a way out of here?
Not yet. If you wanna get
your hopes up, go ahead.
A little hope
never hurt anybody.
I will tell you
this passage,
which, uh, George tells me leads to
the south tunnel, has some wormholes.
I'm gonna go in and see if they add up
to a way out. So if you pray, pray.
If you don't, it might be
a good time to take it up.
I promise you this,
though... Miss?
- Huh?
- Right here.
- All the way.
- Okay. Okay.
- You got me?
- Yeah.
I promise you this:
If there is a way out,
I'll find it.
Okay, hold on to that.
We're gonna make it.
- I'll be back soon.
- Yes, sir, we'll be waiting!
Listen. I'm gonna make one last sweep
of this tunnel, just in case he's right.
You keep trying to get somebody on
the other end of this thing. Take it.
Hello?
Need a refresher
on that Semtex procedure?
- Set, wire, contact, run like hell.
- That's pretty much it, chief.
Can anyone hear me?
Hello!
I hear you.
Frank, got 'em!
You can hear me?
God! George! George!
Okay, now, talk to me. How many
people are left alive down there?
There's, uh, maybe a dozen, and, uh,
we're in the middle of the tunnel
and... there's a-a man who-who thinks
he-he knows the way out.
How?
Uh, something about
a mid-river passage?
No, no, no. No.
Listen to me.
Tell them not to go in there.
Tell them we're coming down right now.
Can you do that?
- I can't hear you.
- Come in. Can you do that?
- Hello!
- Shh! We lost 'em. Come on, Frank.
Now, remember.
You got two-and-a-half minutes.
The fans are timed
logarithmically.
Fan one kicks on
after one minute,
the remaining three
in sub-15 second intervals.
- You follow me?
- I got it.
There's a guy down there
named George Tyrell.
You tell 'im
I want my bracelet back.
Ready to shut down.
Kit, what I did, I did
for the good of the department.
It wasn't personal.
He was your brother, Frank.
It doesn't get more personal.
I was angry. I'm sorry.
Hey, don't apologize.
You make me feel like
you don't think I'm comin' back.
You're probably right.
- Let's do it!
- Norman, now!
Fan one down,
fan two down,
fan three down,
fan four comin' down.
All fans down!
Go, Latura, go.
It's not stopping!
It's not slowing down, Grace!
The brake! Hit the brake!
There are no brakes!
It's going on its own momentum!
You've got to stop it!
Frank!
Pull against it!
Pull! Pull! Pull! Pull!
You got it, you got it!
It's stubborn! Pull!
- I got it!
- Just a little bit more!
You got it! Take it out!
Hello?
Can you hear me?
- Yeah, yeah, yeah, I hear you.
- Hello?
Are you coming down?
How are you doing?
I'm all right.
I-I-I just thought you should know
that-that the man has gone through.
Really? Where?
He's... Hello?
I've seen worse.
Oh, we're saved!
Did you guys
stop for coffee?
It's a rescue team!
We're out! I can't believe it.
Where are the rest?
- There is no rest!
- You're joking.
- Aw, come on, man, come on!
- He can't be the only one.
There has to be
some more!
- Are some more comin' or what?
- Shit!
- Tell me this is not happening.
- Are we gonna get out?
- Oh, man, this can't be right!
- Where's the team?
He's it? You're it?
- You are it?
- Yeah, I'm it.
You're the woman
with the walkie-talkie?
You're the man
Yeah. I thought I was clear.
No one was supposed to go in there.
- Well, excuse me, it was a lousy connection!
- How many people are in there?
- Well, there's only just one...
- Look, bitch, he's talkin' to me!
Who are you?
My name's Latura.
Now, who's in there?
There's one man in there,
and it's Roy Nord himself.
All right, look. That shaft's
unstable. We gotta get 'im.
What you up to, man?
I'm in charge!
Fine. If you wanna be in charge, fine.
But that shaft's been compromised.
Anybody's trying
to get through that,
the whole thing's gonna
come down on you.
- We'll bring up the speed...
- No.
It's not exactly safe
in here, either!
We can't even breathe, man!
We gotta get outta here now!
All right, I-I know you've been
through hell down here, I can see that,
but I'm just asking you
to... be patient...
a little bit longer, okay,
and just trust me, okay?
Then get us out. What the hell
are we waiting around here for?
We'll go out
the same way you came in.
- That's not possible.
- If you made it, we can make it.
Just give us a chance, man!
The fans are giving us the only air we got.
We shut 'em down, we're dead.
That's it. That's a fact.
That won't work.
Neither will this.
- Roy's on top of it.
- Roy's gonna be under it.
Now let me do what
I gotta do, all right?
I told you,
I'm in charge here!
I'm in charge!
You understand me?
Let him go, now!
Hello? Serena?
Serena, Roy.
Actually, no.
I'm afraid we ran into a little problem
on the way to the airport. Yeah, listen.
Before we, uh,
before we get cut off,
I'm gonna be leading some survivors
up through this ventilating shaft.
Hold the plane at Teterboro
and, uh, I'll do press in Denver.
Tell 'em I'll have
some videotape.
No, no,
Jonno didn't make it.
Yeah.
Listen, I gotta go.
- Why don't you take this?
- Just keep it.
- Take it, man!
- Try to get somebody on it.
The battery's dead!
What's the point?
- Don't give me any trouble!
- Trouble, man?
We're just standing here,
Steven.
Sarah, I know,
but we don't know if it's safe.
- We can't just go in there.
- According to who?
- Get that outta my face, please!
- I'm sorry...
- Hey, where's he going?
- Hey!
Get back here!
Hey, hey, hey, now you all heard
what the man said!
I heard Mr. Nord,
and I believe what he said!
The women and children first,
that's how it's done.
Man, you done this before,
man?
She's a child,
and he needs that tape.
I don't know any more
than you know!
Nord?
Nord!
Oh, there you are.
Nord, you're
a tough man to find.
My name is Latura, with E.M.S.
You gotta come down from there now.
That sounds like an order,
Mr. Latura.
You wanna give me an order?
Call my "800" number.
No, no, seriously,
listen to me.
You and I are gonna
crawl outta here together,
so why don't you just come down
real slow-like, okay?
There's no way through.
This... shaft is like a house of cards.
If it collapses, they're gonna
be moppin' you up for a month.
It's not going to collapse.
How do I know that?
Because you don't achieve
what I have without an instinct
for the torque of
a given situation. You understand?
If you think I'm gonna... start
second-guessing myself now
because of
some gutless paramedic,
you'd better get a reality check.
And quit wasting my time.
- You start sending those people in here.
- Nord!
- Whose there?
- Nord, you gotta...
It's a safe place.
Stay there!
Get me outta here!
I'm ready to go!
- Stay! That's it.
- Nord.
Don't move, please.
Nord...
I hope you make it.
Get outta here!
I always make it,
Mr. Latura.
Move it!
Keep going!
Faster! Faster!
Don't look back!
Keep going!
- It's caving in! It's caving in!
- You played me, fool man!
Get down!
All the D.T.A.'s
are pulling double shifts.
I don't care if some guy's wife
is having a baby.
Hey, quiet, everybody.
Everybody, quiet down.
Hey, shut up!
Shut up, everybody!
The mid-river
just went down.
No, no, no, no, no!
Mr. Latura!
- Easy, easy.
- I'm gonna die, right?
Don't talk, don't talk. Don't talk.
I need.... Give me a scarf.
Please, I can't be goin' out
like this, man.
I can't feel nothin'.
- Shh.
- I can't go out like this.
That's right.
Don't talk.
Tell my father... I was helping
people down here, all right?
I'll find 'im.
I'll tell your father
that you were a real hero.
He won't...
He won't believe you.
Oh, Christ!
Oh!
God,
this is too much.
- Hey, stop him!
- Get off me!
Let me go!
We're gonna drown!
No, you're not gonna drown!
Listen to me!
You're going the wrong way.
This entire tunnel runs downhill.
The Manhattan end will be
the first place to fill up with water!
He's right. Come on. Come on,
this way. It's higher. Come on!
Excuse me. Excuse me!
I don't know who you are and
what you know and what you don't.
All I know is I've got
a 14-year-old daughter down here,
and her life means
more to me than anything.
So I wanna be involved in
any decisions that are made down here.
Am I clear, Mr. Latura?
- That's fair enough.
- Latura? Latura? I read about you.
It was in all the papers.
Some kind of scandal?
What kind of scandal?
Not the kind that matters
down here. Come on!
I beg to differ, Mr. Latura. Scandals
matter to Mrs. Trilling and myself.
Excuse me, ma'am,
what kind of scandal?
He was chief of
the Emergency Medical Service.
Some people got killed,
and he was involved.
That's all I remember.
What? What about it, Latura?
Is that true?
Look, pal, I asked you a question,
and I want to know the answer!
- Is it true? Is that true?
- Hey! Hey!
Let's remember that
he came down here to help us,
so let's stop focusing on 'im
and focus on the problem!
She's right.
I'm sorry, Mr. Latura.
That was very rude.
Rude? What is this, some kind
of goddamn New York country club?
- Watch your mouth.
- You don't have a child down here!
And his past may have
a great deal to do with our future!
We're gonna drown down here,
and he's all we've got!
If I'm all you've got, why don't you
meet me halfway? Is that fair enough?
- Are we gonna drown?
- No.
- What is your name?
- Ashley.
Look, Ashley, there's still time
to stop the leak
before it gets high enough
to worry about drowning.
- That's the good news.
- What's the bad news?
This water's 38 degrees. What we
have to worry about is hypothermia.
- Hypo what?
- Hypothermia.
Your body loses heat
and shuts down.
You feel like
you're getting tired,
but you're really getting dead.
That about right?
But that's not gonna
happen to us,
because we're gonna
look out for each other.
We're gonna stay high and dry
right on this car dam over here,
so everybody get
on the car dam. Come on.
Get the hell outta this water.
Come on. Let's get outta the water.
Excuse me, could you
please help me with the dog?
Thanks very much.
Here, boy. Come here.
Okay, so here we are.
We're high and dry.
So, what do you plan
on doing?
In a situation like this,
I think it's very very important
that everybody knows exactly
what is happening.
Okay?
The last thing we need
is any more surprises, right?
Okay?
What I'm gonna try to do
is collapse a section of that tube
to seal us off from the fire
and try to plug that leak.
- How do you plan to do that?
- I have to use an explosive.
- Wait, please, let me explain!
- Another explosion?
That's your idea down here?
No wonder you got people killed.
Steven!
If anyone has a better idea,
now is the time to tell me. Do you?
You don't know what kind of damage
this substructure's already sustained,
so how do you know you can
contain it to one section?
I don't know!
I don't know anything!
The only thing I know is
we're not gonna make it another hour
unless I shut
this thing down!
That I do know.
Now, what we need is someone
to go to the Manhattan end
to see if we're making
any progress, okay?
How about you?
No, you can't go, daddy!
Please, you can't go!
- I've a family. I don't wanna leave 'em.
- But you're so good at it.
All right, all right,
I'll go.
- I know the place best, anyway.
- You're hired.
She wants her bracelet back.
- What?
- You're George, right?
Yeah.
Grace said to tell you
she wants her bracelet back.
- She told you that?
- Good luck, man.
She can't keep anything
to herself.
Listen, you were the one
handling that live wire?
Uh, yeah, but that was
a very different thing. I-I didn't know...
I-I need your help
right now.
I-I appreciate that,
I know that you mean well...
Listen. It took a lot of guts
to do that. What's your name?
Uh, Madelyne.
Madelyne, I really need
your help, okay?
Look at this.
Need a stress hold design.
Better than we did
on Brooklyn-Queens.
What do you think
we're gonna do here?
Open it up.
Open it up?
Let's open it up.
Okay. Still not getting
any trace of them, am I right?
There was a meltdown
on the phone lines.
Walkie-talkies
have been known to go dead.
Am I wrong in saying that
you don't really know
whether there's anyone alive
to transmit, period?
- We saw people!
- Hours ago.
We're gonna break through from
the Manhattan side.
That's the consensus
of the city engineers.
- Consensus my ass!
- Who's this?
That tunnel's being held up
by counterpoint pressure.
I asked your name!
Why don't you forget
what her name is?
Listen to what
she's saying to you.
Miss London,
if you bring in the heavy equipment,
cause a pressure shift,
the whole damn thing could implode.
- That's speculation.
- Maybe a little more time.
We are time poor. That tunnel
is an artery. The city is bleeding.
You try to redirect
half a million people
in and out of this city
without that tunnel,
you got a problem that
you don't wanna think about.
What are you saying?
Are you saying that because
of a traffic problem,
you're giving up on possible survivors?
Come on, man.
You gotta hold off on the drill.
Look, the city engineers
make the decisions.
You clean up the mess.
- You're doin' real good, Madelyne.
- Doin' real good? Try scared to death.
Maybe,
but you're dealing with it.
You know, I-I really think
you should get someone else.
I mean, this is not
one of my specialties.
No, no, no. Not a lot of people could
handle that cable the way you did.
Well, it's not
like it had a lot of...
- It's okay. It's okay.
- I can't. I can't.
Fine, I know.
You have a choice.
It's like the first person that
ever ate a raw oyster, you know that?
- What are you talking about?
- Well, think about it.
A person would have to be
starving to death
to ever get involved
with a raw oyster, right?
He probably had to eat it or die.
Now, stay with me, Madelyne.
Fine. I am here.
It was slimy. It smelled. It looked
like something out of a bad chest cold.
So there had to be
that moment of truth
before he sucked that
little slider down. Staying with me?
I'm here.
Think of that moment of truth.
"Do I really need this?"
"Do I want this in my life?"
But he had to eat.
So he dug down and
found the guts, just like you did.
- Is that a compliment?
- Yes. Come on. Where you from?
- La Porte, Indiana.
- Ahh... And what do you do?
I-I write. I-I try
to get my plays produced.
I mean, nobody goes
to the theater anymore.
- And you were going home?
- Yeah. I was.
So, uh... So tell me something,
all right? For real.
I probably won't be able to take it,
but, uh... are we gonna get out of here?
Madelyne, I wouldn't be down here
if I didn't think so. I swear.
- Promise?
- I promise. Now trust me. Come on.
So, this explosion that
we're setting, I mean,
it could cause the whole thing
to cave in, right?
- It could happen.
- It's better than a blowout.
A blowout? I really hate
the way that sounds.
- You okay?
- Yeah, I'm fine.
Go back to the blowout.
Please explain.
If the water level
was higher,
the pressure would build and
all the air would blow right to the top.
Like a... like a cork?
Like a geyser?
Yeah. It happened to a couple of guys
digging the Baltimore Tunnel last year.
And what happened to them?
They died, right?
- Help me open this pack.
- They died, right?
One made it.
Help me out.
All right, keep a tight grip.
We're gonna make it.
Kit!
- You're insane!
- Gimme that, Madelyne.
We're hot! Go!
- Hey, what are you doing?
- Go on! It's snagged.
Stay in there.
- What about you?
- The hell with me! Go!
Go! The hell with me.
Yes! He did it!
You okay?
We gotta stop asking
each other that.
What do you got?
How big was it?
Three-point-three.
That's a hell of a bang, sir.
- Three-bar!
- Look out below! We're coming down!
Make more room!
We gotta back up the ladder!
Hey! I heard machines!
I think they're trying to dig us out
from the Manhattan end!
- No!
- What? They're digging. What's wrong?
No. The digging can shift the pressure
and bring the whole place down.
They're not thinking
about the pressure.
Or maybe they are
and they think we're dead.
They're digging
at the Manhattan end!
Latura! They're coming!
Oh, shit.
No!
George!
- Hold on, big man! Hold on!
- I can't... I can't... I can't move.
Can you feel your body?
George, George, can you feel your body?
- I can't... feel... my body.
- Okay, hold on, big man! Hold on!
Am I... okay? Am...
Am... I... o-okay?
Oh, God.
Am I okay?
It'll keep you alive.
Breathe through this, George.
Breathe, breathe. Please. Come on.
Steady breath! Breathe!
Don't let it beat you!
Come on, George! Breathe!
In and out! In!
Come on, George ! Come on.
Breathe!
Breathe, breathe, please.
Leverage! We need leverage!
Get that truck up!
Come on.
Oh, George.
Come on, come on.
We're coming.
- All right, got it? Take it.
- I'll take it.
- We're gonna make it.
- Thank you.
- Come on. Move, move, move!
- We got him!
Take that!
- All right, lift, lift, lift, lift!
- We're with you.
- We're right here.
- We're with you, George.
- Breathe as strong as you can.
- That's it, you got it!
George can't hear
cause the water's going!
Come on, George.
Stay with us, George. Stay with us.
Oh, my God.
He's going under.
Keep them coming!
- He's going under!
- Get it off him!
All right!
- Okay, let me know when.
- Okay!
One, two, three!
- We got him!
- He's out.
Okay, come on.
Get him out of the water.
Hold his head. Don't let his head go!
- Get the planks outta there!
- Keep it moving. Come on!
- Come on! Come on!
- Here it comes.
We got it.
Bring it down.
Come on!
Get over here!
Everybody get ready to lift him
on the count of three.
Ready?
All right, all together.
One, two, three!
- You got 'im?
- Keep moving so we don't...
- We need somebody up here!
- Here we go now, all right?
Come on. Let's go.
- Let's go. It's freezing.
- You're doing great.
- Yeah.
- All right?
Together we can do it, all right?
We can do anything.
You're doing great.
Ready ?
All right,
one, two, three. Lift!
I hope they're alive. Hang on.
We're doing the best we can.
I don't know. I don't know!
Now, please.
- Do you have any survivors?
- I can't answer that.
- Are you going to guard the place?
- Is it completely collapsed?
Are there any survivors?
I said that's it!
That's it!
Why George?
Why not some piece of trash?
Why... Why is it always
the good people?
I can't answer that. You just hope...
I mean, you just gotta believe it.
I think some people
are gonna make it out of there.
And George
is gonna be one.
Well... Yeah,
we gotta think that.
Yeah... we do.
George, I'd give you my shirt,
but I don't think it'd do much good.
George, we'd give you
the shirt off our backs.
It'll be all right, George.
Keep calm. We're here with you.
How'd you get fired?
It's a long story.
I wouldn't worry about it.
Stay awake now.
Stay with us.
Sheee... said she read
you got people killed.
She's right.
Did she mention it was
a building collapse in the South Bronx?
No, she said...
And that we were
the first ones on the scene?
No.
And then some of the guys said "Forget it.
They're probably dead anyway"?
Or read the part where I said
"If we were goin' in..."
Or mention that
I was wrong? Hmm?
That a gas main blew on the way out
and three men died?
My friend's brother
was one of them?
Did she mention the press,
the inquiry, the funerals?
You're a writer, you can
fill out the rest, can't you?
So, you never had
a way out of here, did you?
No.
- What's that? What's the noise?
- What's going on?
What does that mean,
Mr. Latura? What does that mean?
Kit, what's going on?
What's... what's happening here?
The water wasn't that high
the last time I looked.
The water must be coming
back in from somewhere!
I thought you said
you stopped it.
I slowed it down.
Nothing can stop it.
So what you're saying
is nothing can save us.
You asked us to trust you.
We did. For what?
- To die a slow death in here?
- Is that true, are there no options?
- There is always a chance.
- How can you lie like that?
And since we are already in hell,
I guess it's not a problem.
Look, just let him talk!
Oh, we've heard enough talking, okay?
We don't need any more speeches.
That's bullshit! Bullshit!
She's speaking for herself, Kit.
- We're still alive, Sarah.
- It ain't over!
Very over!
You wanna kid yourself?
Go ahead, do it.
False hope and now no hope!
You've given us both. Thanks
for nothing. Thanks for nothing!
- Sarah. Sarah.
- I can't stand this shit.
- What's plan "B", Kit?
- There's no plan "B".
We're with you!
We can try taking down
another section.
Look, we could build
another dam if we all pitched in.
We can beat it.
Yo, I can go check
the Manhattan end.
I think I could do it.
Let me try, Kit! Come on!
Can you get us outta here? Look,
I'm really sorry about what my mom said.
Just please, just try
and get us out of here! Please!
- I need your help, George.
- Yeah?
The bunk rooms off the tunnels,
is there a way in?
I don't know.
George, I know you're hurt,
but think.
Bassett said the sandhogs had bunk rooms
down here for long shifts. Think.
Maybe there's a... a trapdoor,
a hatch, a ladder, something...
- Uh, there's a booth.
- Booth? Where?
Uh, booth three.
At the New Jersey end.
Booth three.
Steven, keep everybody together
until I get back. George?
- Yeah?
- Thanks.
Yeah.
Come on.
You stay with us.
Did you ever have a dog?
My mom's liked everything in the world
'cept two things: dogs and me.
Well, she was probably bit once.
I know I was.
- So, Ashley, where do you live?
- Uh, we're from Maryland.
- Maryland. Maryland's nice.
- Yeah.
Well, listen.
If we don't die in here,
I was wondering if maybe
I could give you a call.
He thinks
he's being attacked now.
- Exactly.
- Uh-huh.
- Why don't you go ahead and pet him.
- We've had him for ten years.
- That's a long time.
- Yeah, it is.
Do you have any children?
Our-our son Jonathan.
He went trekking... in Nepal.
He, uh... caught some kind of a fever.
Nothing could be done, they said.
We, uh... We lost him.
- Oh, I'm so sorry. I-I didn't...
- Oh, no, no.
Ever since Jonathan died,
Cooper's all... we've had left.
I guess I spoil him.
You understand...
Yeah.
Kit! It's Kit!
Everybody, Kit!
I found some dry ground.
There's always a chance.
Come on. Let's move.
Why don't we
just take George now?
We're gonna check
out booth three,
then go back and get 'im.
Let's keep moving!
Okay.
- George.
- Hi.
My neck's broken, isn't it?
You... You find the room?
Yeah, it's, um... it's through
this underwater passage.
It's very difficult. I... I think that
with a little bit of luck we could...
Christ, I don't know
what to think.
I do. You just
have to leave me.
- No, no.
- Yeah.
That's dumb. That's stupid.
We can make it.
- Not with a broken neck.
- Yes, George.
I just need some time to figure it out.
Really, I just need some time.
Hey, take the bracelet
for me.
Please. It's in my pocket.
My-my right pocket.
- George, don't quit on me.
- Take it.
- Don't quit on me.
- Take it, please.
- No.
- Take it!
Please.
Please, give me that...
give me that much respect.
Jesus, there's just
so much I wish I'd done.
I never had me...
a nice car.
Never had any kids.
I finally meet
a woman I love,
I didn't even get the chance
to tell her that I love her.
- You think she... she-she knows?
- Yeah.
- You think so?
- She knows. I'm sure she does.
That's good.
Get them to daylight.
Don't let them die
in this place. Hear?
Tell them I'm gone.
You've done
all you could do.
You know it...
and I know it.
I'm very sorry.
I... I love you... Grace.
I'm sorry.
What's that mean?
I don't know, Ellie.
The structure's shifting.
What about George?
George didn't make it.
Huh?
Don't.
I know
everybody's freezing,
but we have to make
a short swim... underwater.
Underwater? Well, I'm not so sure
that I can... I can do this.
Look, if I can do it,
you can do it.
Everybody take three deep breaths...
and go. We can do this.
- Come on, baby. Come on.
- I can't!
I can't do this! I can't.
One, two, three.
And go. Come on.
Come on. Keep going.
Get up there.
... three!
I'm right behind you,
Eleanor.
Yes! Go!
Here we go, boy.
Go, boy.
Quick, get her out of the water.
Help her out. Help her out. Help her out.
Go ahead.
All right,
everybody stay together.
All right. Averybody stay together.
Use each other's body heat, okay?
Fight the cold. Stay warm.
Stay in groups.
Don't stay alone.
Okay? Stay in groups.
- What do we do now, Kit?
- We don't do nothin'.
We just sit here and wait
and pray they get here.
Wait? Wait? That's it?
There's...
There's nothing we can do?
You did what you could.
You did great. You did great.
You gotta fight it.
- Fight the cold.
- I'm trying.
Just fight it.
Just fight it. Just fight it.
Where's Cooper?
Where's Cooper?!
It broke.
I couldn't hold him.
- Oh, my God!
- My God, I tried. I tried.
- Oh, my God! I can't lose him!
- Ellie. Ellie! No.
- No.
- It was Jonathan's dog.
Look, look, Eleanor.
Listen to me. Listen to me.
We can't bring them back.
They're both gone.
We can't change that.
We've gotta...
help each other let them go.
Don't, let's... fight.
Hold me.
Jesus! They're gonna
save us to death.
Oh, my God!
- Oh, no, no, no, no.
- Get back. Get back.
Don't let those things touch you!
Move away! Move away!
Latonya!
- Come on, Sarah.
- I'm not leaving.
Move, move, move, move!
- Come on. Sarah.
- Listen!
I don't wanna die like this!
Oh, God!
It's okay, Latonya.
I'm coming.
I'm coming, Latonya.
Hold on.
I don't wanna die like this!
- I hate 'em!
- All right, here I come.
I don't wanna go like this!
Hang on. I'm coming. I'm coming.
I'm here. I'm here. I'm here. I'm here.
They can't hurt you, okay?
They're just... shit with feet.
Okay? Shit with feet.
Can you say that?
Don't look down.
- Watch out!
- All right! All right! Come on.
Keep 'em away
from your feet!
Shit with feet, baby.
They know a way out.
Steven, help me get this thing
off the wall! Get it off!
There's a room!
There's another room!
No, no! Not now!
Gimme some tools! Anything!
Find anything you can!
Come on!
Let's try
to pop these rivets.
- Roger!
- Sarah, over there!
Roge... Roger!
I thought
she was resting.
I'm sorry.
Roger, we gotta
get out of here.
There's no way she wanted
you to die down here too.
Roger, she wants you to live.
I'm not gonna leave her!
Okay. Okay.
If you're staying,
I'm staying.
I'm not leaving anybody
behind again.
- Roger, come on!
- Let's go. Come on.
We're moving out.
Out! Get out!
Come on. Get up!
We're not leaving you. We gotta go.
- Come on. Get up. We gotta go.
- The water's gettin' higher!
Come on, come on!
I see 'em!
Right-right there, the rats!
A-a-at the top of the stairs.
Kit, they're going...
they're going up the stairs.
There's somethin'
at the top of the stairs!
Oh, no!
Get up. Come on.
Come on, Madelyne, up.
Get up!
All right, go, go, go!
Move it! Up the stairs!
Up the stairs! Go!
Keep going!
Kit! I got you!
Hold on!
All right. Go! Go!
- Come on. Let's move!
- Let's go!
Kit, I've got a way out! I found
a way out! Come on, everybody!
It looks like some kind
of unfinished sewer system or something.
- Oh, my God! It's the lady's dog!
- Cooper!
- No, no, no. Forget it.
- It's just a stupid dog.
- Shut up, Vincent!
What's the matter with you?
It's just a dog!
Let me get him!
There's a way out up here!
Will you forget it?
Leave the dog.
Leave the stupid dog.
Shut the hell up,
Vincent!
Oh, no.
I don't believe it!
Come on.
Come on, Cooper!
Oh, shit!
Kit! Kit! Kit!
- Keep going! Keep going!
- Not without you!
- Forget about me! There's no time!
- No, no, we'll make time!
- Somebody, Steven, do something.
- Yeah, yeah, yeah.
- Pull it! Pull it!
- Damn!
Roger, there's nothing to throw.
We can't find anything!
- All right. Hold on! Hold on!
- This place is comin' apart!
- You wouldn't leave us!
- I would leave you!
I left George!
I left him to die! Get out!
- Take this. Here.
- Come on, come on.
- No, no, no! Don't do it!
- Come on. Reach for it.
Madelyne, no. No.
It's collapsing!
Oh, my God!
Why didn't you leave?
What the hell did you do?
Damn!
You get a hold of something!
Go, go, Steven!
You gotta keep going!
What the hell are you talking about?
You can't leave us!
They gotta leave!
Mikey, Mikey,
there's gotta be another way!
- We can't find anything.
- Sweetheart, look for some...
There must be
something else!
Can you make it?
There's no way out!
You can't reach us!
That's home up there!
No!
What do we do?
Ashley, flashlight!
Here!
- No.
- Ah, man, no.
Kit!
No, Steven!
Don't leave me!
Go! You heard me!
Go! Everybody, out! Everybody out!
We gotta go!
I didn't leave you, Mikey!
I'll die!
Go, go!
Watch your head!
Oh, God!
Go! Come on.
Keep going!
Go, go, go, go, go!
Nooo.
We're not gonna
get out of here, are we?
Come on.
- Kit, I can't.
- Come on.
What's that?
Fuses. We gotta go back
to where we started.
No. No, Kit, it's...
it's too far.
No, no. Anything I can do,
you can do. Here, hold this.
We... We gotta try it!
What?
A blowout.
- A blow... A blowout?
- We gotta do it! Come on!
We're gonna try a blowout.
Come on.
Where... are we... going?
Gotta get up to the ceiling
and blast out the mud.
If it works, the pressure
will take us right to the top.
Why don't you leave your car here
and I'll drive you home.
My God.
I got you, girl.
I got you.
Easy. Easy.
Take it easy.
Okay, come on.
Take it easy now.
- You're all right.
- Easy, easy.
Roger, we did it!
Come on. We made it.
Come on. It's okay.
Good dog.
Easy. All right.
Come on. We got you.
We got you.
It's okay.
All right, all right.
That's everybody.
Everybody's out.
Are you sure
there's nobody else down there?
Hole's fillin' up with water.
Everybody's out.
- Nobody else?
- Leave me alone.
I'm okay. I'm all right.
- I'm okay.
- No, daddy, it's okay.
It's okay. We're okay.
Come on. Come on.
All right, go ahead.
I'm gonna sit.
I'm gonna sit over... here.
- I don't even care. I feel so tired.
- You gotta fight it.
Never thought
I'd end up like this, you know?
You weren't supposed to.
I always...
thought I'd die old.
Keep trying, you piece o' shit!
Keep trying!
How many chances
do you need?
You killed everybody else,
but you know what?
You should've killed me!
Cause I found your heart!
I found your heart,
and I'll blow it out of your body!
We gotta go.
Give me your arm,
Madelyne.
You never...
would have left us... would you?
No. No.
Kit.
- All right, easy. Easy. Easy.
- Slide it over.
Clear a path.
Come on. Easy.
- We have a wheelchair for you, ma'am.
- It's all right. I'm gonna walk.
Hey. All right.
You're doin' fine.
Stop. Stop, stop. Stop.
Grace.
All right, come on.
Let's get him out of here.
Come on, come on.
Let's go.
Since we're both going to the hospital,
I wanna ride with you.
Don't you have
something better to do?
Well, considering I'm homeless
and broke and carless
and... I'm not lookin' my best,
I think I'll ride with you.
- One condition.
- What's that?
We gotta take the bridge.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org